okay command then you ever think it is
monitor and bulb all right so I'm
putting this over it this will actually
clear the all the channels on the board
if they're commands here but shouldn't
affect the subs I haven't double-check
that yet
okay so just try to avoid this avoid
these weird let's say danger you turn it
off the black is just that button
blackout BAM that's how you shut it off
each is the only Michael is you touch
yeah everything on the board I'm gonna
eventually get everything on the board
which is my next goal even the stuff
that's on switches is going to dual
function don't gorge right and that
looks lovely yeah this will what is that
this is I put the fader from ever going
yeah alright so I say program this
button to be a hard click see between
those two because if face in the middle
of the lights the ballast will fry okay
if it gets to anything other than zero
enough and four so I put a little bracer
in here to prevent somebody from even
doing that okay cool but I'm gonna take
that as well obviously the functionality
is very similar I pulled out the Ali set
for instance I have not established the
chase on these lights yet I just have
them as that's fine a lot of people find
them distracted anyways I'm not sure
people really do it's it's right you
don't get the context of all of them you
just get that one that happens to be in
the shot and then it's just a blinky
light looks great on a wide but that's
about it
as you can see the ham / know-how set I
finally pulled out the key to fill
they're all isolated so it's very close
but I do
I definitely isolated the fill and the
back lights on all the sets because I
was able to actually have the chance
because we have the room yeah I left
space for expansion down here these have
no function they're not programmed and
excellent yeah Oh cuz that's your desk
yeah being different I just want people
to be aware of this should never slide
this should never be pulled okay this is
how you how you kill everything if you
absolutely yeah I did this thing slid
off and like all the keys are screwy and
blah blah blah the monitor access to
actually view the board's interface is
not yeah not yet I will cause of the end
of the lake so here's here's all the
channels like 1 2 3 4 plastics so you
can see all of them and their values and
then if I actually have more than this
programmed in so you can you hit page
Wow but anyway this is the interface for
all that so if there's a catastrophic
failure I can walk somebody right walk
somebody through it you know this isn't
that this isn't a screen that will
likely need to go to very often at all
there's literally this thing is somehow
broken and slipped across the keys and
all these but only that thing I got you
protecting okay now I understand the
purpose of that is for the iPad right or
is it the purpose for this was to give
dual function I want something to cover
the keys that's hard so Joshua actually
press them and I found this and I'm like
yeah I mean honestly the the iPad needs
a place to dock anyways it's always
getting in the way so if that's there
you can go on top of it exactly that's
great yeah I'm sorry permanently I'm
gonna be able to make it pull away
easily yeah not that any slack will be
able to be like whack exactly
now can I spill a coffee on this not
okay
so anyway the the last piece is this
label but if for whatever reason this is
missing and you want to check out what's
going wrong with the board this has to
be lit it's not if it's another in
another mode so you're not like the
board's not doing proper interfacing I
see this basically tells it operate as
that's it's live a mode okay like live
lighting so gotcha anyway yeah yes I
have not fixed the red on that light
because I'm waiting for the lights to
arrive in Grand Master we don't use the
Grand Master do not use the slider I
will I will I need to leave that slider
I can't do this with that slider but it
does if you slide that it'll will effect
this regardless of this so can we play
video games with that we scratch records
with that it's totally high on the
priority list and not really awesome
this is great
the cleaners okay it's this this button
right here blackout it's shutting it off
at night it's when you shut it off at
night you don't even need to change the
dimmers you just literally hit the
blackout button and everything and then
it's it's red and glowing so you can see
it easily and this is gonna be here so
nobody accidentally hits the other other
buttons yeah yes I did it great all
right thank you very much it's exciting
well and you spent a lot of time on this
right yeah thank you for doing that
there you go folks
that's how we do lights here